1. What is the primary purpose of automatic scaling?
A.To orchestrate the use of multiple parallel resources to direct incoming user requests
B.To ensure the long-term reliability of a particular virtual resource
C.To ensure the long-term reliability of a particular physical resource
D.To ensure that applications are automatically adjusted for capacity to maintain steady, predictable performance at the lowest possible cost

Ans 1. D

2. Which AWS service provides customers with a cost-effective way to route end users to Amazon Elastic Cloud (Amazon EC2) instances and Elastic Load Balancing load balancers?
Amazon CloudFront
Amazon CloudWatch
Amazon Route 53
Amazon Virtual Private Cloud

Ans 2. Amazon Route 53

3. What could be a final recommended (but optional) step when you create a load balancer?
Use the create-load-balancer command, and then specify two subnets from different Availability Zones.
Use the create-target-group command to create the target groups, and then specify the virtual private cloud (VPC) that was used in the Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (Amazon EC2) instances.
Use the describe-target-health command to verify the health of the instances for any registered instances.
Use the register-targets command to register the instances within the target group.

Ans 3. Use the describe-target-health command to verify the health of the instances for any registered instances.

4. What happens to CPU utilization when an Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (Amazon EC2) Auto Scaling group cannot continue scaling up?
Decreases
Increases
Stabilizes
Terminates

Ans 4. Increases

5. Application load balancers are not supported by applications that run in containers
True
False

Ans 5. False

6. A health check is completed for all targets that are registered to a target group as specified by the load balancer's listener rule.
True 
False

Ans 6. True

7.  _

8. Creating alarms that are only triggered by sustained state changes can reduce thrashing. (Thrashing is the condition where there is excessive use of a computer's virtual memory, and the computer is no longer able to service the resource needs of applications that run on it).
True
False

Ans 8. True

9. Which type of load balancer supports content-based routing?
Application Load Balancer
Classic Load Balancer
Network Load Balancer
All of these
None of these

Ans 9. Application Load Balancer

10. Which routing policy routes traffic to several resources, based on established proportions?
Failover routing policy
Geoproximity routing policy
Multi-value answer routing policy
Simple routing policy
Weighted routing policy

Ans 10. Weighted routing policy
