1. When you define a bucket in Amazon Simple Storage Service(Amazon S3), you must also specify the Region where the bucket exist.
True 
False

Ans 1. True

2. Access control list(ACLs) are defined with a JavaScript Object Notation (JSON) policy document.
True
False

Ans 2. False

3. Which statements about policy rule evaluation for AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM) are correct? (Select THREE.)
   A> An explicit ALLOW overrides the default implicit denial of access to all resources, unless an explicit DENY overrides it.
   B> An explicit DENY does not override all ALLOWS.
   C> All policies are evaluated before a request is allowed or denied.
   D> The evaluation order of the policies has no effect on outcome.
   E> Results can either be allowed, denied, or submitted for further evaluation.
   
Ans 3. A,C,D

4. Access permissions define which actions a user can take and/or which resources a user can access.
   True
   False
   
Ans 4. True

5. It is a best practice to follow the policy of granting least privilege when you assign permissions.
   True
   False

Ans 5. True

6. Which service grants customers permissions to centrally manage access to the launch, configuration management, and termination of a resource?
   A>AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM)
   B>Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (Amazon EC2)
   C>Amazon Virtual Private Cloud (Amazon VPC)
   D>All of the the above.
   
Ans 6. AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM)

7. Which AWS service features would be within the scope of a Region? (Select TWO.)
  A>Amazon CloudFront distributions
  B>AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM) users, groups, and roles
  C>Amazon Machine Images (AMIs)
  D>Amazon Route 53 hosted zones
  E>Amazon Simple Storage Service (Amazon S3) buckets
  
Ans 7. Amazon Machine Images (AMIS) and Amazon Simple Storage Service (Amazon S3) buckets

8. Which of the following are best practices for IAM? (Select THREE)
   A.Delegate administration functions based on the principle of least privilege.
   B.Use the root account for daily administration.
   C.Enable multi-factor authentication.
   D.Rotate credentials regularly.
   
 Ans 8. A,C,D
 
 9. Which output formats are supported by the AWS Command Line Interface (AWS CLI)? (Select THREE.)
   A.ASCII-formatted table
   B.Path specification
   C.JavaScript Object Notation (JSON)
   D.Tab-delimited text
   E.YAML Ain't Markup Language (YAML)
   
Ans 9. A,C,D

10. Which part of the following AWS Command Line Interface (AWS CLI) command specifies the operation to be performed?
aws ec2 stop-instances --instance-id i-1234567890abcdef0 --output json

  A. ec2
  B. -instance-id i-1234567890abcdef0
  C. stop-instances
  D. YAML Ain't markup lanaguage
  E. --output json
  
Ans 10. stop-instances
